Retrofit changes (#164)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-proxy.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> You can update the proxy settings used by Anypoint Runtime Fabric outbound connections to the internet. This includes managing both HTTP proxies for connecting to the Anypoint Platform control plane and SOCKS5 proxies for sending metrics and logs to Anypoint Monitoring.

Reviewer: This reads as if "update" and "managing" are in the wrong order?
```suggestion
You can manage the proxy settings used by Anypoint Runtime Fabric outbound connections to the internet. This includes updating both HTTP proxies for connecting to the Anypoint Platform control plane and SOCKS5 proxies for sending metrics and logs to Anypoint Monitoring.
```
"updating" is part of "managing," but I don't think that the reverse is precisely true.

== Update the HTTP Proxy

> Updating the HTTP proxy causes each machine in the cluster to restart all pods running on it. Although no downtime occurs if you are running multiple replicas, you should perform HTTP proxy updates during a maintenance window.

Reviewer: How does the second sentence relate to the first (restarting all pods, downtime with multiple replicas)?
Replicas of what?

* Apply the proxy values to the services running within Runtime Fabric.

> * If you are using Runtime Fabric installer 1.0.x, run the script on each node of your Runtime Fabric to update the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are using Runtime Fabric installer 1.0.x, run the script on each node of your fabric to update the cluster.
```
Names like "Runtime Fabric" require a noun object; they are not themselves nouns.

The password must be URL encoded.
* *<10.0.0.1>*: the IP address or hostname to access the HTTP proxy.
* *<8080>*: the port on the host where the HTTP proxy is listening for requests.
* *<1.1.1.1:8888,2.2.2.2:9999>*: the `NO_PROXY` hosts and ports, delimited by commas.
. To verify the change was successful, run the following command to output the current value of the HTTP proxy: `rtfctl get http-proxy`.

The output should match the value expected.

=== Run the Script on Each Node

> 

Reviewer: Can we provide a bit of intro here to provide context and tell why or under what conditions the audience wants or needs to perform this task? Before/after what other tasks? Why?

> . Copy the `set_dockerd_proxy.sh` from the controller node used to install Runtime Fabric, which is located under `/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/scripts/`, to each controller and worker node under the same location (`/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/scripts/`). +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From `/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/scripts/`, copy the `set_dockerd_proxy.sh` value from the controller node used to install Runtime Fabric to each controller and worker node in `/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/scripts/`. +
```

[NOTE]

> If you are not able to locate this script, please open a support ticket for assistance.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY omit "please":
```suggestion
If you are not able to locate this script, open a support ticket.
```
Do we need to provide a location or group from which to obtain support?

> . Update the `/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/env` file to set the values for `RTF_HTTP_PROXY` and `RTF_NO_PROXY` variables. + 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update the `/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/env` file to set the values for `RTF_HTTP_PROXY` and `RTF_NO_PROXY`. + 
```

> The `RTF_HTTP_PROXY` value accepts authentication values in-line. For example: `http://user:Password@1.1.1.1:80` +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RTF_HTTP_PROXY` accepts authentication values in-line: for example, `http://user:Password@1.1.1.1:80` +
```

> The `RTF_NO_PROXY` value accepts a comma-separated list of hosts that should not go through the proxy. For example: `1.1.1.1,no-proxy.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RTF_NO_PROXY` accepts a comma-separated list of hosts that should not go through the proxy: for example, `1.1.1.1,no-proxy.com`.
```

. Run the script `/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/scripts/set_dockerd_proxy.sh`.

> . After repeating these steps on each controller and worker node, apply these proxy values to the services running within Runtime Fabric.

Reviewer: Is this actually part of the Task identified for this list of steps or is this the introduction to the next set of steps?
If the latter, format as plain text, or put under a "Next Steps" title, if you like.
